Nov13 (#913)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/extensions/che4z-installing.adoc

.Prerequisites

* Eclipse Che 7.3.0 on Kubernetes

.Procedure 

. Log in to Eclipse Che.

. In a web browser, load `++https://++__<YOUR_CHE_HOST>__/f?url=__<DEV_FILE_LOCATION>__`.
+
* For the Eclipse Che4z basic stack, use the devfile `https://github.com/eclipse/che-che4z/raw/1.0.0/mainframe-basic-stack.yaml`

> * For a purchased premium stack, use the devfile location specified in the PDF installation guide available from Broadcom Support. Refer to the link:http://techdocs.broadcom.com/content/broadcom/techdocs/us/en/ca-mainframe-software/devops/ca-brightside-enterprise/2-0/release-notes.html[Brightside documentation] ("Getting Started" section) for instructions on accessing the PDF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For a purchased premium stack, use the devfile location specified in the PDF installation guide available from Broadcom Support. See the link:http://techdocs.broadcom.com/content/broadcom/techdocs/us/en/ca-mainframe-software/devops/ca-brightside-enterprise/2-0/release-notes.html[Brightside documentation] (the "Getting Started" section) for instructions on accessing the PDF.
```

. In a web browser, load `++https://++__<YOUR_CHE_HOST>__/f?url=__<DEV_FILE_LOCATION>__`.
+

> * For the Eclipse Che4z basic stack, use the devfile `https://github.com/eclipse/che-che4z/raw/1.0.0/mainframe-basic-stack.yaml`

Reviewer: Reason for this? We try to avoid naked URLs -- why is this needed? Also, using the `link:` notation is good practice for live links. As for word order, "use the foo devfile" is IMO better than "use the devfile foo".

Author: We provide the URL so that the user can copy and paste it, not so the user can click the link and download the file. Surely a codeblock is preferable to a link for this purpose?

Reviewer 2: Zeb is right - we don't want users to click on the link, we want them only to copy the string with URL.

Reviewer: Ok, in that case, the link should not be live.
```suggestion
* For the Eclipse Che4z basic stack, use the `++https://github.com/eclipse/che-che4z/raw/1.0.0/mainframe-basic-stack.yaml++` devfile.
```
